This package contains the data and functions necessarily to perform 9 benchmark 
probabilistic solar power forecasts at two temporal resolutions: climatology, 
CH-PeEn, PeEn, NWP ensemble, and Gaussian error distributions. The functions to 
perform the ECMWF-based forecasts are included, but the data is proprietary 
and cannot be directly shared; instead, batch scripts and .R scripts used to access 
the data are included for those with access to ECMWF's MARS database. 

In an effort to keep the size of the Git repo below 100 MB, priority was placed on 
making the preprocessed CAMS McClear and SURFRAD data available for users to be able 
to jump right to comparing the benchmark forecasts. Only a portion of the raw 
open-source SURFRAD data is included; instructions are given for downloading the rest,
for those who may want to adjust the preprocessing itself. 

1. If you would like to replicate or change the SURFRAD and/or CAMS McClear data preprocessing:
 - Unzip CAMS_McClear_files.zip
 - Follow the instructions in SURFRAD_files/readme.txt to download the full set of SURFRAD files
 - Execute or modify preprocess_SURFRAD.R. This will re-generate the preproessed files in the
 	GHI_files/ (already made available with the Git repo).

2. If you would like to replicate or change the ECMWF data preprocessing:
 - Follow the instructions in ECMWF_files/readme.txt to download the GRIB files from the 
 	ECMWF MARS website and translate to NetCDF files
 - Execute preprocess_ECMWF.R 

3. If you would like to jump right in to replicating benchmark forecasts with the preprocessed 
data made available with the package in the GHI_files/ folder:
 - Execute benchmark_forecast_comparison.R
 - This will generate a Results/ folder containing 200+ plots comparing the benchmarks
   for each of the 7 SURFRAD sites, .csv files containing the forecast quantiles at each
   time-step through the year 2018, and .csv files comparing the CRPS summary statistics
   for each site across the methods at each temporal scale. If the ECMWF data is not available,
   the two ECMWF-based forecasts will be skipped. 